src/content/tutoriels/en/connexion-filaire-windows.mdx, before:

---
icon: windows
title: Set up a PC with Windows for Wired Network
category: en/wired
---
import Alert from '@components/ui/Alert.astro';
import KBD from '@components/ui/KBD.astro';

## Prerequisites

To register your devices on the MiNET network, you will need to add your MAC addresses to your account. If you don't know how to do this, don't hesitate to follow the tutorial [Add new devices to your MiNET account](/en/tutoriels/ajouter-des-appareils) which will guide you through the process.

## Configure your PC with Windows 11 (Wired)

- Access Windows settings.
- Go to Network & Internet.
- Under "Ethernet," click on Properties.
- Then click on "Connect."
- Enter your credentials and click OK.
- Click "Connect" again.
- After some time, you should be connected to MiNET.

<Alert type="danger">
The latest Windows 11 update may require additional configuration if you can't connect: <br />
Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `ncpa.cpl`.
</Alert>

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on your wired network card (identify it by its brand: Intel, Asus, D-Link, etc.).
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
<br />
- In the "Authentication" tab,
- Check the use of 802.1X authentication.
- Click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Validate server's identity by validating the certificate" option.
- Check the use of private identity and enter your MiNET username.
- Click on "Configure."
- Ensure that the "Use my Windows logon name and password..." option is unchecked.
- Validate the last two open windows by clicking "OK."
<br />
- Back in the "Authentication" tab, click on "Additional settings."
- Check the option to manually enter the username/password pair for connection.
- Select "Replace the authentication" from the drop-down list (Windows 7) or "Register identity" (Windows 8/8.1/10).
- A window will open. Enter the username/password pair you chose when registering with MiNET.
- Validate all open windows by clicking "OK."

Once these steps are completed, all that remains is to plug in your RJ45 cable, and you should connect automatically to the MiNET wired network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Additionally, a PC restart may be required.

## Configure Your PC on Windows (Wired)

By following this tutorial, you will learn how to configure your computer on Windows 7/8/8.1/10 to benefit from a wired Internet connection to MiNET.

### Activate the Correct Windows Service

Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `services.msc`.

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on the "Wired Network Auto Configuration" service.
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
- Verify that the selected service is correct; you should see "dot3svc" as the service name.
- Choose "Automatic" as the startup type from the dropdown menu.
- Click the "Start" button to start the service.
- Confirm the changes by clicking "OK."

Once this service is activated, you can now use a network that uses 802.1X authentication. All that's left is to configure the network card.

### Configure Your Network Card

Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `ncpa.cpl`.

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on your wired network card (identify it by its brand: Intel, Asus, D-Link, etc.).
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
<br />
- In the "Authentication" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Validate server's identity by validating the certificate" option.
- Click on "Configure."
- Ensure that the "Use my Windows logon name and password..." option is unchecked.
- Validate the last two open windows by clicking "OK."
<br />
- Back in the "Authentication" tab, click on "Additional settings."
- Check the option to manually enter the username/password pair for connection.
- Select "Replace the authentication" from the drop-down list (Windows 7) or "Register identity" (Windows 8/8.1/10).
- A window will open. Enter the username/password pair you chose when registering with MiNET.
- Validate all open windows by clicking "OK."

Once these steps are completed, all that remains is to plug in your RJ45 cable, and you should connect automatically to the MiNET wired network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Additionally, a PC restart may be required.

Commit message:

Improve `KBD` component and use specific component for code in tutorials

src/content/tutoriels/en/connexion-filaire-windows.mdx, after:

---
icon: windows
title: Wired connection with Windows
category: en/wired
---
import { Code } from 'astro:components';
import Alert from '@components/ui/Alert.astro';
import KBD from '@components/ui/KBD.astro';

## Prerequisites

To register your devices on the MiNET network, you will need to add your MAC addresses to your account. If you don't know how to do this, don't hesitate to follow the tutorial [Add new devices to your MiNET account](/en/tutoriels/ajouter-des-appareils) which will guide you through the process.

## Configure your PC with Windows 11 (Wired)

- Access Windows settings.
- Go to Network & Internet.
- Under "Ethernet," click on Properties.
- Then click on "Connect."
- Enter your credentials and click OK.
- Click "Connect" again.
- After some time, you should be connected to MiNET.

<Alert type="danger">
The latest Windows 11 update may require additional configuration if you can't connect: <br />
Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={["Windows", "R"]} /> and then type <Code code='ncpa.cpl' inline/>.
</Alert>

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on your wired network card (identify it by its brand: Intel, Asus, D-Link, etc.).
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
<br />
- In the "Authentication" tab,
- Check the use of 802.1X authentication.
- Click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Validate server's identity by validating the certificate" option.
- Check the use of private identity and enter your MiNET username.
- Click on "Configure."
- Ensure that the "Use my Windows logon name and password..." option is unchecked.
- Validate the last two open windows by clicking "OK."
<br />
- Back in the "Authentication" tab, click on "Additional settings."
- Check the option to manually enter the username/password pair for connection.
- Select "Replace the authentication" from the drop-down list (Windows 7) or "Register identity" (Windows 8/8.1/10).
- A window will open. Enter the username/password pair you chose when registering with MiNET.
- Validate all open windows by clicking "OK."

Once these steps are completed, all that remains is to plug in your RJ45 cable, and you should connect automatically to the MiNET wired network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Additionally, a PC restart may be required.

## Configure Your PC on Windows (Wired)

By following this tutorial, you will learn how to configure your computer on Windows 7/8/8.1/10 to benefit from a wired Internet connection to MiNET.

### Activate the Correct Windows Service

Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={["Windows", "R"]} /> and then type <Code code='services.msc' inline/>.

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on the "Wired Network Auto Configuration" service.
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
- Verify that the selected service is correct; you should see "dot3svc" as the service name.
- Choose "Automatic" as the startup type from the dropdown menu.
- Click the "Start" button to start the service.
- Confirm the changes by clicking "OK."

Once this service is activated, you can now use a network that uses 802.1X authentication. All that's left is to configure the network card.

### Configure Your Network Card

Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={["Windows", "R"]} /> and then type <Code code='ncpa.cpl' inline/>.

In the window that opens, do the following:

- Right-click on your wired network card (identify it by its brand: Intel, Asus, D-Link, etc.).
- Click on "Properties," and a new window will open.
<br />
- In the "Authentication" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Validate server's identity by validating the certificate" option.
- Click on "Configure."
- Ensure that the "Use my Windows logon name and password..." option is unchecked.
- Validate the last two open windows by clicking "OK."
<br />
- Back in the "Authentication" tab, click on "Additional settings."
- Check the option to manually enter the username/password pair for connection.
- Select "Replace the authentication" from the drop-down list (Windows 7) or "Register identity" (Windows 8/8.1/10).
- A window will open. Enter the username/password pair you chose when registering with MiNET.
- Validate all open windows by clicking "OK."

Once these steps are completed, all that remains is to plug in your RJ45 cable, and you should connect automatically to the MiNET wired network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Additionally, a PC restart may be required.
