src/content/tutoriels/en/connexion-wifi-windows.mdx, before:

---
icon: windows
title: Connect to Wi-Fi with Windows
category: en/wifi
---
import Alert from "@components/ui/Alert.astro";
import KBD from "@components/ui/KBD.astro";

## Prerequisites

To register your devices on the MiNET network, you will need to add your MAC addresses to your account. If you don't know how to do this, don't hesitate to follow the tutorial [Add devices to your MiNET account](/en/tutoriels/ajouter-des-appareils), which will guide you through the process.

## Setting Up Your PC with Windows (Wi-Fi)

By following this tutorial, you will learn how to configure your computer with Windows 7/8/8.1/10/11 to benefit from a WiFi internet connection on MiNET.

### For Windows 11

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

- Click on Wi-Fi networks.
- Click on "MiNET" and connect.
- Enter your credentials and click OK.
- "Connect"
- After a waiting period, you are connected to the MiNET network!
- In case of issues, make sure you have entered your MAC address.

<Alert type="warning">
    For the latest version of Windows 11, you need to apply the following configuration:
    Remember to click "Forget the MINET network."
</Alert>

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `control.exe /name Microsoft.NetworkAndSharingCenter`.

If you don't see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:

- Click on "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- Fill in the "Network name" field with "MiNET" and "Security type" with "WPA2 - Enterprise."
- Confirm with "Next."
- If a message informs you that the network already exists, please forget it before restarting this procedure.
- Click on "Change connection settings."
- In the "Security" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate," and check, by clicking "Configure," that the option "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" is unchecked.
- Go back to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows; you should now be connected!

### For Windows 8/8.1/10

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `control.exe /name Microsoft.NetworkAndSharingCenter`.

#### If you don't see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:
- Click on "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- Fill in the "Network name" field with "MiNET" and "Security type" with "WPA2 - Enterprise."
- Confirm with "Next."
- If a message informs you that the network already exists, please forget it before restarting this procedure.
- Click on "Change connection settings."
- In the "Security" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate," and check, by clicking "Configure," that the option "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" is unchecked.
- Go back to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows; you should now be connected!

#### If you see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:
- Left-click on the text "Wi-Fi (Minet)."
- Click on "Wireless Properties," and a window will open.
- Go to the "Security" tab.
- Click the "Settings" button.
- Uncheck the "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate."
- Validate the changes by clicking "OK."

Once done, you can connect to the Wi-Fi network again. Connection and access to the Internet should occur within seconds. If not, please note that a restart may be necessary.

### For Windows 7

In the case of Windows 7, manual addition of the Wi-Fi network becomes mandatory:

Press the following key combination: <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> and then type `control`.

- You will arrive in the control panel. Go to "Network and Internet."
- In "Network and Sharing Center," go to "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- In "Network name," enter "MiNET."
- Choose "WPA2 - Enterprise" as the security type.
- Check the "Start this connection automatically" option.
- Finish creating the profile, then click on "Change connection settings."

- In the "Authentication" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate."
- Click on "Configure."
- Make sure that the "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" option is unchecked.
- Return to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows. You should now be connected!

Once these steps are done, you just need to wait for about twenty seconds, and you should automatically connect to the MiNET Wi-Fi network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Also, a PC restart may be necessary.

Commit message:

Improve `KBD` component and use specific component for code in tutorials

src/content/tutoriels/en/connexion-wifi-windows.mdx, after:

---
icon: windows
title: Connect to Wi-Fi with Windows
category: en/wifi
---
import { Code } from "astro:components";
import Alert from "@components/ui/Alert.astro";
import KBD from "@components/ui/KBD.astro";

## Prerequisites

To register your devices on the MiNET network, you will need to add your MAC addresses to your account. If you don't know how to do this, don't hesitate to follow the tutorial [Add devices to your MiNET account](/en/tutoriels/ajouter-des-appareils), which will guide you through the process.

## Setting Up Your PC with Windows (Wi-Fi)

By following this tutorial, you will learn how to configure your computer with Windows 7/8/8.1/10/11 to benefit from a WiFi internet connection on MiNET.

### For Windows 11

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

- Click on Wi-Fi networks.
- Click on "MiNET" and connect.
- Enter your credentials and click OK.
- "Connect"
- After a waiting period, you are connected to the MiNET network!
- In case of issues, make sure you have entered your MAC address.

<Alert type="warning">
    For the latest version of Windows 11, you need to apply the following configuration:
    Remember to click "Forget the MINET network."
</Alert>

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={['Windows', 'R']} /> and then type <Code code='control.exe /name Microsoft.NetworkAndSharingCenter' inline/>.

If you don't see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:

- Click on "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- Fill in the "Network name" field with "MiNET" and "Security type" with "WPA2 - Enterprise."
- Confirm with "Next."
- If a message informs you that the network already exists, please forget it before restarting this procedure.
- Click on "Change connection settings."
- In the "Security" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate," and check, by clicking "Configure," that the option "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" is unchecked.
- Go back to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows; you should now be connected!

### For Windows 8/8.1/10

**If you were previously connected to our network and can't connect anymore**: Forget the MiNET network by right-clicking on it in the list of WiFi networks.

Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={['Windows', 'R']} /> and then type <Code code='control.exe /name Microsoft.NetworkAndSharingCenter' inline/>.

#### If you don't see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:
- Click on "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- Fill in the "Network name" field with "MiNET" and "Security type" with "WPA2 - Enterprise."
- Confirm with "Next."
- If a message informs you that the network already exists, please forget it before restarting this procedure.
- Click on "Change connection settings."
- In the "Security" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate," and check, by clicking "Configure," that the option "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" is unchecked.
- Go back to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows; you should now be connected!

#### If you see the text Wi-Fi (MiNET) in the window that opens:
- Left-click on the text "Wi-Fi (Minet)."
- Click on "Wireless Properties," and a window will open.
- Go to the "Security" tab.
- Click the "Settings" button.
- Uncheck the "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate."
- Validate the changes by clicking "OK."

Once done, you can connect to the Wi-Fi network again. Connection and access to the Internet should occur within seconds. If not, please note that a restart may be necessary.

### For Windows 7

In the case of Windows 7, manual addition of the Wi-Fi network becomes mandatory:

Press the following key combination: <KBD keys={['Windows', 'R']} /> and then type <Code code='control' inline/>.

- You will arrive in the control panel. Go to "Network and Internet."
- In "Network and Sharing Center," go to "Set up a new connection or network."
- Click on "Manually connect to a wireless network."
- In "Network name," enter "MiNET."
- Choose "WPA2 - Enterprise" as the security type.
- Check the "Start this connection automatically" option.
- Finish creating the profile, then click on "Change connection settings."

- In the "Authentication" tab, click on "Settings."
- Uncheck the "Verify the server's identity by validating the certificate."
- Click on "Configure."
- Make sure that the "Automatically use my Windows logon name and password" option is unchecked.
- Return to the "Security" tab and go to "Advanced settings."
- Check "Specify authentication mode," and choose "User authentication" from the list.
- Click on "Save identity" and enter your credentials to connect to the MiNET network.
- You can validate everything with OK and close these windows. You should now be connected!

Once these steps are done, you just need to wait for about twenty seconds, and you should automatically connect to the MiNET Wi-Fi network. Note that authentication may take a few seconds. Also, a PC restart may be necessary.
