src/content/tutoriels/en/trouver-ses-adresses-mac.mdx, before:

---
icon: question
title: Finding Your MAC Addresses
category: en/getting-started
---
import KBD from "@components/ui/KBD.astro";

The MAC address serves as a unique identifier for each of your interfaces (both WiFi and wired) and is necessary for adding a new device to our network.

## How to Find Your MAC Address?

A MAC address is typically represented in hexadecimal form like `5A-FF-56-A2-AF-15` or `5A:FF:56:A2:AF:15`. There are various methods to find it, depending on the operating system you are using. We have listed the most common ones below.

### Windows

- Press the following key combination <KBD>Windows+R</KBD> to open the *Run* window.
- Type `cmd` and then press <KBD>Enter</KBD> to open the command prompt.
- Type `getmac -v` and then press <KBD>Enter</KBD> to obtain a list of the device's MAC addresses.
- The MAC address is located in the *Physical Address* column.
- The first line generally corresponds to your wired network card, and the second to your WiFi network card.

### GNU/Linux

- Open a terminal.
- Type `ip link show` followed by <KBD>Enter</KBD> for a summary of the device's interfaces.
- Look for fields with *eth* or *enp* (for wired) or *wlan* or *wlp* (for WiFi).
- Then look for the MAC address following the desired interface, just after the *link/ether* field.

You will thus obtain your MAC addresses.

### macOS

- In the search bar, type `terminal` and then press <KBD>Enter</KBD>.
- Then type `networksetup -listallhardwareports` followed by <KBD>Enter</KBD>.

The *Ethernet Address* field corresponds to your MAC addresses.

### Android

- Go to your smartphone's settings.
- Look for the *About Phone* section.
- Find the *Status* field.

Your MAC address is displayed next to *Wi-Fi MAC Address*.

### PS4 and Xbox

- Go to the console settings.
- Look for the *Network* section.
- Open the *View Connection Status* menu for PS4 or *Advanced Settings* for Xbox.

Your MAC address is displayed next to *MAC Address (LAN)*.

Commit message:

Improve `KBD` component and use specific component for code in tutorials

src/content/tutoriels/en/trouver-ses-adresses-mac.mdx, after:

---
icon: question
title: Finding Your MAC Addresses
category: en/getting-started
---
import { Code } from "astro:components";
import KBD from "@components/ui/KBD.astro";

The MAC address serves as a unique identifier for each of your interfaces (both WiFi and wired) and is necessary for adding a new device to our network.

## How to Find Your MAC Address?

A MAC address is typically represented in hexadecimal form like <Code code='5A-FF-56-A2-AF-15' inline/> or <Code code='5A-FF-56-A2-AF-15' inline/>. There are various methods to find it, depending on the operating system you are using. We have listed the most common ones below.

### Windows

- Press the following key combination <KBD keys={["Windows", "R"]} /> to open the *Run* window.
- Type <Code code='cmd' inline/> and then press <KBD keys={["Enter"]} /> to open the command prompt.
- Type <Code code='getmac -v' inline/> and then press <KBD keys={["Enter"]} /> to obtain a list of the device's MAC addresses.
- The MAC address is located in the *Physical Address* column.
- The first line generally corresponds to your wired network card, and the second to your WiFi network card.

### GNU/Linux

- Open a terminal.
- Type <Code code='ip link show' inline/> followed by <KBD keys={["Enter"]} /> for a summary of the device's interfaces.
- Look for fields with *eth* or *enp* (for wired) or *wlan* or *wlp* (for WiFi).
- Then look for the MAC address following the desired interface, just after the *link/ether* field.

You will thus obtain your MAC addresses.

### macOS

- In the search bar, type <Code code='terminal' inline/> and then press <KBD keys={["Enter"]} />.
- Then type <Code code='networksetup -listallhardwareports' inline/> followed by <KBD keys={["Enter"]} />.

The *Ethernet Address* field corresponds to your MAC addresses.

### Android

- Go to your smartphone's settings.
- Look for the *About Phone* section.
- Find the *Status* field.

Your MAC address is displayed next to *Wi-Fi MAC Address*.

### PS4 and Xbox

- Go to the console settings.
- Look for the *Network* section.
- Open the *View Connection Status* menu for PS4 or *Advanced Settings* for Xbox.

Your MAC address is displayed next to *MAC Address (LAN)*.
